01No Action:Does nothing.
02SendKey:Setup a hotkey with the fields to the right.
03Run Program:Select a program to run.
04Left Click:Left click with modifier keys in the location the pie menu was opened, or left click and drag with modifier on next LMB or pen press.
05Right Click:Right click with modifier keys in the location the pie menu was opened, or right click and drag with modifier on next LMB or pen press.
06Middle Click:Middle click with modifier keys in the location the pie menu was opened, or middle click and drag with modifier on next LMB or pen press.
07Pie Menu Settings:Open the Pie Menu Settings for this program.  Ctrl + Alt + 'Pie Key' also opens the settings. (Only in Modes 1 through 4)
08Close All Scripts:Closes all AutoHotkey scripts and Pie Menu apps.  Ctrl + Shift + Alt + 'Pie Key' also does this. (Only in Modes 1 through 4)
09Minimize Window:Minimizes the active window
10Enter Key:Sends the 'Enter Key" because it doesn't work in the send key function.
12Delete Key:Sends the 'Delete Key', because 'Delete' also doesn't work in the sendkey function and I'm bad at programming.
13Snip Tool:Sends Shift+Alt+Windows Key to activate the Screen Snip tool.  The image can be pasted from the clipboard (Ctrl + V)
14Switch Application:Sends Windows Key + Tab to activate the Windows Task view.
15Close Window:Closes the active window.
16Resize Window: Moves the bottom left corner of the active window to the location the Pie Menu was opened.

EndofList




To Add a new Function, add the 2-digit list number, the name of the function label in the script ("_" should be spaces in this document), add a ":" and then a description of the function.  Don't touch the EndofList text and leave a line break between that and your functions.  The Function labels shown here correspond to the label to the functions of the script, if the names are changed, their corresponding function label must be changed in the PieMenu.ahk script file.
Example:

...
21Your Neat Function:Does all the cool stuff you programmed in the Your_Neat_Function label in the PieMenu.ahk file.

"In the Pie Menu.ahk script"
Your_Neat_Function:
	{
	BlockLButton := 0
	;More function code
	Return
	}
